Update bigquery-setup.md (#7141)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/bigquery-setup.md

:::caution Note

> The `job_execution_timeout_seconds` represents the number of seconds to wait for the [underlying HTTP transport](https://cloud.google.com/python/docs/reference/bigquery/latest/google.cloud.bigquery.job.QueryJob#google_cloud_bigquery_job_QueryJob_result). It _doesn't_ represent the maximum allowable time for a BigQuery job itself. The behavior of BigQuery is to normally not cancel the BigQuery job if this timeout is reached, but dbt-bigquery will actually send a request to BigQuery to cancel it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `job_execution_timeout_seconds` represents the number of seconds to wait for the [underlying HTTP transport](https://cloud.google.com/python/docs/reference/bigquery/latest/google.cloud.bigquery.job.QueryJob#google_cloud_bigquery_job_QueryJob_result). It _doesn't_ represent the maximum allowable time for a BigQuery job itself. 
Normally, BigQuery keeps running the job even if this timeout is reached, but `dbt-bigquery` will send a request to BigQuery to cancel it.
```

:::caution Note

The `job_execution_timeout_seconds` represents the number of seconds to wait for the [underlying HTTP transport](https://cloud.google.com/python/docs/reference/bigquery/latest/google.cloud.bigquery.job.QueryJob#google_cloud_bigquery_job_QueryJob_result). It _doesn't_ represent the maximum allowable time for a BigQuery job itself. 

> Normally, BigQuery keeps running the job even if this timeout is reached, but `dbt-bigquery` will send a request to BigQuery to cancel it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, BigQuery keeps running the job even if this timeout is reached, however `dbt-bigquery` will send a request to BigQuery to cancel it.
```
